Attempt to clarify configuration file location (#448)
adrienverge/yamllint: docs/configuration.rst

If ``-c`` is not provided, yamllint will look for a configuration file in the
following locations (by order of preference):

> - A file named ``.yamllint``, ``.yamllint.yaml``, or ``.yamllint.yml`` in the

Reviewer: Can you start each bullet item with a lower-case letter? Because the grammatical sentence starts on line 14 and ends on line 21 (by the way, there could be a period there).

-- one explanation amongst others: https://english.stackexchange.com/a/15132

  current working directory

> - The filename referenced by ``$YAMLLINT_CONFIG_FILE``, if set
> - The file ``$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/yamllint/config`` or
>   ``~/.config/yamllint/config``, if present

Author: I wonder if this would be more consistent with the above
```suggestion
- A filename referenced by ``$YAMLLINT_CONFIG_FILE``, if set
- A file named ``$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/yamllint/config`` or
  ``~/.config/yamllint/config``, if present
```

I'm unsure.

Reviewer: Yes it would probably be :+1:
